the defeat of licata in fact has
reduced the margin of
security on the third-last toast in
ranking Cagliari did not make it
to stop licata started towards one
sensational b-series promotion
virtue of an aggressive modern game
spectacular at times really
irresistible after just two minutes
convinced aldo cerantola team
assertive of the zone game has passed into
advantage with a goal of the chosen shooter
the rose ready to take advantage of a cross
from the flag of modica and to thread
the ball headed to the back of ielpo
dazed by the frantic pace of the
Sicilian cursors Cagliari has
risked the collapse immediately reacted
only at the twenty-seventh when he has
touched the tie with valentini la
whose conclusion was rejected on
door line with the ubiquitous modest
deployed as a false center forward but in
actually used as a midfielder at
31st licata doubled with the
rose thus arrived at the fourteenth
accomplishment of the championship on
top scorer of the group and angled with
a precise header ball
crossed by a Roman player he overcame ielpo
appeared in the circumstance undecided on
to be done at the thirty-seventh licata
rounded the booty with a goal of
ignored shot on the offside wire
to gather long throw forward
made by tarantino i offer it
hit on the fly nothing could ielpo
to intercept the dosed lob
41st pallanca has shortened the
distances with a goal propitiated by a
giacomarro pallanca defensive error
pulled low angled
the zangara goalkeeper could only
observe the finished ball on its own
shoulders to the 64th committed rose
ielpo with a foiled deadly left hand
in the corner with a nice dip to the 66th
modica hit the left arm of
marks placed in the penalty area
the referee continued the game
considering the intervention of brands
involuntary
the protests of the
athletes and ten thousand Sicilian fans
the defeat of licata against the
training in the form of the championship
confirmed the limits of Cagliari
appeared too slow in a league
where we proceed to the white weapon
exaggerated competition on Sunday at
sant'elia for the dismissal from her own
the public will be the ambitious scene
shape it will be necessary to conquer the two points
up for grabs at all costs to avoid
the drama of going then to francavilla
with the concern of having to do
at least one point to not retreat